hey it's me Destin so a lot of you may
not know because you're new to smarter
every day
but I have a sister who lives in West
Africa as a Peace Corps volunteer and I
went and helped her teach math and
science every once well I like to upload
a video because I learned a lot hope you
enjoy
[Music]
good morning you would not believe how
useful frisbees are we had a frisbee
were the kids
served steve-o is cassava and beans in a
frisbee she thought you brought your own
plate didn't she so we're just rolling
with fish and rice cassava and beans
okay this morning we used your frisbee
as a plate to eat cassava and beans what
are we using it for today what what do
you mean that's wonderful
so what you're saying is a frisbee that
frisbee is one of the most versatile
things in the world miss I mean on your
hat there yeah yeah it's about helping
people happy people dead are you happy
you happy how else were we gonna get
that done feel better
good see that sucker helps to the
lollipop sweet sweet lollipop help small
small yes okay squeeze little
what hey dog you're not sterile we're
thinking frisbee can really take off
here in Africa we could just train
somebody to do it
so we've already showed you the several
uses for frisbees so here we're trying
to train our first West African ultimate
frisbee remember almost keep trying
sending date
[Music]